# 8/111/149
In any field-business, politics, education, government--those in power should step down after five years.

Reason: The surest path to success for any enterprise is revitalization through new leadership.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the claim and the reason on which that claim is based.

Attitude: Prefer negative

The speaker mentioned above implicit that the regimen which five years swapping is meaningful in many situations. Because of the ability of learning is influenced by the age of the person. And also, occupied a high position for a long time can stagger one's mind, and can not solve things effectively. But the statement that the speaker supported can not be truly thoroughly. Even though narrowing the step for changing the term of the office is meaningful for the organization, simply decided five year as a time step is not unimpeachable. Still, most of the people or the voter can not confirm which one is better, the former or the successor. We should take this issues into deep consideration rather than draw down a conclusion easily.

First, the essential of the leadership changing is resulting from the learning ability of the leader. We can admitted that, with the growth of the age, the ability of the information acquirement is gradually decline by some biological machination of human. As we can see that, most of our grandfather or grandmother still cannot handle smartphone and computer, yet those things are the most common things in our daily life. Old person still prefer read news from newspaper and get the most of the information from television which information can be classified as passive information. It is obvious inefficient for a get the newest information in nowadays. If one person want to make a decision for a problem, the more information he owns, the better choice he will make. In addition to the information, people holds a supreme position for a long time can more or less saturated his own old-style mind into subordinates's thought. That's means that even the younger person in a group holds his innovative ideal for a problem, the long time erosion for a indurated mind still influence a lot to him, which makes him will not express his innovation well. However, two advantage discussed above still can not declare the speaker's opinion is invulnerable, causal inference still holds numerous flaws. 

Even though we discussed the changing of the leadership has its visibly meaningful, but people still cannot simply define the 'five' as a tenure gap. Different institution has its suited tenure and the perfect tenure still can not be a persistent principle in the long time. Most of the large project, such as astronomy industries, needed stable policy to support its time cost project. Some project, like Apollo, can sustain for few decades. People can not just cut down its fund and put down the whole project finished before just because of the contradiction of the different leadership. But other company, like small technology company, who needs to chase the newer technology and keeps changing its orientation in a short time. In fact, most of the successors will make trouble due to their lack of experience, some imprudent decision will do harm to the whole organization. Like many younger emperor in ancient China, the older emperor died early with leaving his children to success his position. Most of the last region of the dynasty are leaded by a younger emperor which know nothing about govern a states. 

In conclusion, although things need to push by innovation, we cannot simply put a defined gap as a general standard and put it applies in various fields. Instead, we should decided the regulation of changing in a more comprehensive ways in order to maximize benefits and minimize hazards.    